\# Basic Calculator

Welcome to the Basic Calculator Developer Preview! This calculator
program is designed to showcase the power and beauty of modular
programming. It allows users to perform various mathematical operations
on two floating-point numbers.

\## Date of Birth - 14 May 2023, 11.10 AM IST

\## Story of Creation This program was created by Sombit Pramanik and is
maintained by the GitHub Programmers and contributors. You are invited
to edit the code, correct any mistakes, and improve it on GitHub. Thank
you for your contributions and for helping enhance this program. Happy
coding!

\## About The Basic Calculator is a simple yet effective calculator
program that demonstrates the modular programming approach. It provides
a user-friendly interface for performing arithmetic calculations. The
program includes a while loop for continuous operation and utilizes
if-else statements for conditional operations. This design ensures that
the program remains beginner-friendly and easy to understand.

To use the calculator, simply provide two floating-point numbers and
select the desired operation. The program supports the following
operations: - Addition (+) - Subtraction (-) - Multiplication (\*) -
Division (/) - Exponentiation (\^) - Square root (s)

Please note that this calculator is not the most advanced or
feature-rich option available, but it serves as a great example of
modular programming.

\## Re-Compilation To recompile the code, use the following command in
your terminal: \`\`\` cc\* calculator.c -o calculator.out -lm \`\`\`
(\*For other compilers, please refer to the compiler reference.)

Feel free to explore the code and make any necessary changes or
improvements. Your contributions are greatly appreciated!

\*\*Note:\*\* The code provided in this README.md file is a
representation of the original code and may not be executable on its
own.
